### ****CPU utilization****
keep the CPU as busy as possible.
### ****Throughput****
A measure of the work done by the CPU is the number of processes being executed and completed per unit of time.
### ****Turnaround Time****
For a particular process, an important criterion is how long it takes to execute that process. The time elapsed from the time of submission of a process to the time of completion is known as the turnaround time. Turn-around time is the sum of times spent waiting to get into memory, waiting in the ready queue, executing in CPU, and waiting for I/O.
***Turn Around Time = Completion Time - Arrival Time.***
### ****Waiting Time****
A scheduling algorithm does not affect the time required to complete the process once it starts execution. It only affects the waiting time of a process i.e. time spent by a process waiting in the ready queue. 
***Waiting Time = Turnaround Time - Burst Time(running time).***
### ****Response Time****
Amount of time it takes from when a request was submitted until the first response is produced 
***Response Time = CPU Allocation Time(start time )(when the CPU was allocated for the first) - Arrival Time***


### ****Completion Time****
The completion time is the time when the process stops executing,  which means that the process has completed its burst time and is completely executed.
### ****Priority****
If the operating system assigns priorities to processes, the scheduling mechanism should favour the higher-priority processes.
### ****Predictability****
A given process always should run in about the same amount of time under a similar system load.

## we need to maximize the CPU utilization and throughput  

## we need to minimize the Turnaround , Waiting and Response time


